Heard Heard Tom likes to hear music
Yesterday, he heard a new song
He's heard it on repeat ever since Keep
Kept Kept Jane tries to keep secrets Last
time, she kept one for a week
She's kept more since then Learn Learned,
learned Learned, learned Mark loves to
learn new things Last year, he learned to cook
He's learned many new recipes since
Meet Met Met John hopes to meet his hero
He met him last month at an event He's
met other famous people since then Pay
Paid Paid Paid Tim tries to pay on time
He paid his bills yesterday
He's
paid them without delay ever since Read
Read Read Read Lucy wants to read more books
She read three last week She's read ten
this month
Run Ran Run Sam likes to run marathons
He ran one last year He's run two more
since then
Sell Sold Sold Sold Sold Chris wants to
sell his bike
He sold his skateboard last week He's
sold many things at yard sales Sleep
Slept Slept Slept Slept Emma tries to
sleep early Last night, she slept at 10pm
She's slept better ever since Speak Spoke
Spoken Max loves to speak French He spoke
it fluently in Paris He's spoken it often
since then Corxi